Covenant – 45qp
Vortex, 4w, e, s, w, read book
W, search walls, turn doorknob, search cabinet – get penknife
Search desk – need a key…
E, n, search shed, get locket, open locket
S, all e, 3n, e, ne, 3 e open box read sheet

“In case of snakebite, and absent an approved Timber Rattlesnake anti-
venom you must do the following without fail and as soon as possible:

(1) Look at the victim and find the location of the snake bite.
    Then immobilize the (location of wound). [SPLINTS] immobilize girl
(2) Immediately stop circulation (anything that will cut off [TWINE] stop circulation
    circulation will do: belts, shoe strings, leather strips, etc.).
(3) Sterilize a sharp knife or razor blade (a small, sharp blade is [ALCOHOL, PENKNIFE]
    crucial since the idea is to cause minimal harm to surrounding
    tissue).  Use alcohol to sterilize the knife.  A bottle of
    the right kind of spirits will do in an emergency.
(4) Cut the swelling (This will force the poisoned blood to the
surface).
(5) Suck the poison (This will extract the poison before it can reach
    vital organs).
(6) Get the victim to medical personnel as quickly as possible.

It is absolutely crucial that you choose the proper items when
making a do-it-yourself snakebite kit.  A life might be at stake!

Suddenly, a brisk gust of wind rips the instructions from your hands.
You grumble and move on into the park.”

All e, 3s, w, climb tree, search nest, get key, back to park opening
N,  2w, n, 3, k sam, get card, search depression, open trap door
Search indentation, search cover, slot card
K counter, out, w, enter (after guard is dead)
Open bar (sometimes alcohol, search desk can get twine)
Go to bar in town, where susie is, search stage (alcohol)
 Search pool where man is, west of the main road (hidden), splints
Search jury box (judge) (?)
Push crack in Church
Search pentagram (rope)
Find beggar boy, take message:

{A real man--real in all the ways that we recognize as real--finds
himself suddenly abstracted from the world and deposited in a
physical situation which could not possibly exist.  There he is
informed by a disembodied voice that he has been brought to that
place as a champion for his world and the Land.  If he dies, both
worlds will be destroyed.

The man refuses to believe that what he is told is true.  He asserts
that he is either dreaming or hallucinating and refuses to fight.  He
is so certain he will not even defend himself when attacked by the
champion of destruction.

Question:  Is the man's behavior courageous or cowardly?  This is the
fundamental question of ethics.

Remember, he who does not remember and celebrate the past is dead.

It looks light.}

Go help girl in woods (in county park, all e, 2s, w, nw, all w)
Leave, go back to house, n, w, n, d, all e, enter pipe, e, d, search scum, enter hole
Search grooves and find king rattler and mother rattlers, slay them! get key
Go back to house, w, open compartment, wear ring

