Rampart (10 qps):

go to rampart area (sinkhole) and 'pray' to begin.  'accept_challenge' to start
quest, if you 'fail_to_understand' you DIE.

Question 1:
The answer to what you seek is that ability of the mind to merge
with the heart, to become one with emotion.  It is merciful when
mercy is required above all else.  Enter your answer.

'compassion'

Question 2:
This is what houses the soul, and what nurtures it.
It beats the pulse of emotion and the song of life.
Enter your answer.

'heart'

Question 3:
To nurture the heart, and thus nurture the soul is the function
of this entity.  The power of it can destroy the heart, as has
happened in this tragic story.  Enter your answer.

'mind'

Question 4:
Too many times, people lack this attribute.  It is the power to
set right a wrong, and to understand what caused the wrong to
begin with.  It can be given without understanding sometimes
and still meant with the fullest extent.  Enter your answer.

'forgiveness'

Question 5:
This power lets someone realize another's view.  It houses
the ability to look through someone else's eyes, to walk in
their shoes.  It wells from the soul and mind together.
Enter your answer.

'understanding'

Question 6:
This is the ultimate power.  It binds the heart and the mind.
It can be blind, it can be hard, but make no mistake, when it
is there, it is there forever.  Enter your answer.

'love'

'out', drops you in the icelands.  go back and 'give soulgem to figure'

------------- story --------------------

You hand the Soulgem over to the dark figure.

You now have 1111 quest points.

The room trembles beneath you.


A blinding light illuminates the tomb!


The ancient figure slowly stands up.


With great care, the creature looks at the soulgem.


Rampart speaks: Can it be?  Can it be her?


A bright light appears next to him, forming into a humanoid figure.


Sophia appears next to the fallen god.


Rampart falls to his knees in front of the immortal woman.


Sophia gently caresses his fallen form and beckons him to rise.


Rampart speaks: My dear, dear heart, please forgive me.


Sophia speaks: There is nothing to forgive my dear, but we need time.


Sophia speaks: By the actions of this hero, we are together again.


Sophia gathers Rampart in her arms and there is a bright light!


You faintly hear the immortals speaking to one another about time,
   about compassion and about forgiveness.


Before the light disappears completely, a small book shimmers into
existence upon the floor of the tomb and the skeletal figure, now
only a physical husk, sits back in the throne.

The light fades to darkness and another story lies yet to be written.

-------------------- read diary --------
'get diary', read:

An old diary.
> read diary

   I was a fool, and this is my story.
   
   My own heart is the focus of this tale I weave for you now.  It is a 
tale of heartache, of souls lost and of small hope.  It begins for you now. . .
 
   My reign was one of power.  More often than not, force of will was used 
over that of compassion and feeling.  My mind ruled my heart, and that was 
the tragedy.  I was an immortal, a god of sorts, worshipped for my 
actions, and feared for my power.  There were many mortals that lived and 
died, but one caught my eye, one brought joy to this heart of stone.  That 
person, she was a thing of beauty.  She spoke with conviction tempered 
with kindness, and she touched my soul.
   I took special attention of her.  I followed her and guided her at 
times.  Other mortals died away, but she worked hard and time looked 
favorably upon her.  She rose and eventually joined me in the ranks of the 
immortals, joy was mine to behold.
   Joy it was, until my mind took control.  It was my foolish pride that 
was my soul's downfall, and I know that now.  It was loathing self-pity 
that brought us apart, and I shed tears when I think of it now.
   Enough of my mind brought my thoughts to reality.  A materialization of 
my mind erected a metal skeleton of a tower.  Sharp girders and cold steel 
formed the entity.  Unknowing that I had formed it myself, she took 
strides to remove the monstrosity.  I sensed some force affecting 
something I hadn't felt for a long time and clenched.  I did not know what 
to do.  My thoughts grew strong and she was caught in the furtherment of 
the metal.  Her body was pierced many times by the cold metal.  Enough to 
bring her to the brink of death, enough for me to finally notice what had 
actually occurred.
   I raced like lightning to the structure, appalled at what my thoughts 
had constructed.  I scanned for her form and saw it, lifeless, skewered 
upon a jutting frame.  My immortal blood boiled at my failure and I 
ripped the metal apart to be by her side within the structure.  I reached 
her and began to carefully remove her body from the entrapment when she 
said weakly, but sternly to me "Do not ever touch me or help me ever 
again."  No weapon made by man or god could have cleaved my soul more than 
those words did.  I fought the tears and gathered her form regardless of 
the consequences.
   I laid her still body upon the ground and located her wounds.  Calling 
upon my powers, I healed her form and waited for the sign of life.  I would
wait an eternity though, for she only looked up at me and smiled, then she 
faded away.  Her wounds were shut and her body healed, but her heart was 
mortally wounded and she would not allow it to be healed.  She died in my 
arms that day.
   My anger was furious and horrible.  Swiftly I screamed until the entire 
lands trembled at the sound.  Darkness I brought to the mortals.  
Creatures of black death swept through their ranks.  Countless lives were 
lost in the carnage, but I did not care, for my most treasured reason for 
existing in this fabled land was gone, and it was by my own actions.  I 
could not forgive myself and thus, locked my body away in this tomb.  
Silent and alone, I would live with my secret and hope that someone would 
have the perfect balance of heart and mind, enough that I did not, and 
free my own soul from the bitter web that I did weave.
 
                                     Rampart
