Diary entry 1: Day 1 
                
I have come to the conclusion that my new master has
future plans for me.  I believe he has purchased me to
relieve him of all pests in the house.  Ha! Imagine
me, Oliver, pest control 2000!  The only pests I have
found are the ones that my master has fondly called his
dog and birdie.  I don't think there should be a problem
to remove them from the house.  I have full confidence 
that it should only take me one week.  At least my 
master could help out!  He just sits on his butt all
day in front of that high pitched machine while
constantly hitting those small things that go klickety
klack! I have a mind to jump all over those one day.
I hear the new version of CatBot was released just last
week!

Diary entry 2: Day 12 
                      
Ridding this house of the dog and bird is taking longer
than I have expected.  My master has not been any help.
He constantly sleeps on his bed all day.  I've sat on
top of him and stared at his face all night but he
didn't  budge.  Note to self.  Make sure you remind
master to empty my box, it is getting quite full and I
fear I will have to use the walls to relieve myself.

Diary entry 3: Day 32 
                      
I believe that the bird is a spy.  He constantly flies
all around me and I believe that he is giving area
reconnaissance to the dog.  I have been securing my
perimeters everyday in hopes that I will be able to
throw them off my scent. I believe that they have put
some mind-numbing drug in my ball of yarn. I feel
compelled to chase it and not give up until I grow
tired and must sleep.

Diary entry 4: Day 83 
                      
I have nearly given up.  The only thing that gives me
hope is a shiny metal trinket that I have found behind
my ball of yarn.  I believe with it I may thwart my
evil enemies of this house and once again reign over my
kingdom.  I fear that the dog is recruiting for an all
out attack.  I overheard him bragging to the bird about
some female dog he ran into the other day. I've tried
several times to communicate with my friends outside the
treehouse at night, but all I hear are other masters
telling them to shut up.  The nerve of them.  Don't they
know that my master can kill them with a single click
of a button!

Diary entry 5: Day 194 
                       
I believe my time is up.  My master has been ignoring my
litter box and barely feeds me.  I think it is a three
way conspiracy so I am making plans to acquire a new
master.  I have frequented his house quite often and
they are very kind to me.  I get tuna and milk every
time I arrive.  Although something is different about
this new master.  He has a chest that reminds me of my
mother when I was a kitten.
