// convo with elegon in 'hut' in fantasy

You say: quest

Elegon says: Yea, a quest. Everyone is on a quest of some manner.

Elegon asks: So, be ye on a quest?

You say: yes

Elegon says: Ahhh! Well, my friend, good luck on your quest! If it
             was counsel ye sought I doubt I could help ye. I am a
             sage, yes, but for the past years I have been focusing
             on an errand and have had no time to spare helping
             others.

You say: counsel

Elegon says: Perhaps I can enlighten you.

Elegon says: Let me introduce myself...I am Elegon the Blue, Master
             Sage and Healer, Hunter, Son of Elendin, Heir of
             Elentil. I come from the East and am sent on an errand
             by my father.

You say: sage
> 
Elegon says: Yes, I am a sage. It is said of old that in wisdom,
             not in weapons, lies Elegon's power. Many places I
             have explored...

'places
You say: places
> 
Elegon says: I have trekked the dark depths of the Catacombs, I
             have hiked in the magnificent land of Serinth, I have
             been to Hell and back, and countless other regions
             that I shall not mention here...which reminds me -
             I should pay a visit to an old acquaintence of mine,
             Cerebella.

You say: priestess
> 
Elegon says: Cerebella the High Gnostic Priestess...she holds
             great knowledge. Maybe she could help me...
             
You say: knowledge
> [Gen-Notify]: Zanadu lost his link.

Elegon says: My hobby, heh heh heh...or some people would tell you
             my addiction. Folk-wisdom I call it. I can never have
             enough knowledge, or you or anyone for that matter,
             except maybe the very evil or good adventurers. You are
             one of those types I hope not.
You say: weapons
> 
Elegon says: Many great weapons I have beheld and wielded - the
             granite staff, the staff of the positive plane, the
             frozen staff of the summoner, even the fabled redaxe,
             to name but a few. Yet these are no match against the
             puissant incantations of a spellcaster. I still keep
             my staff by my side...great aid it has given me of
             late.
You say: healer
> 
Elegon says: There does not exist many great healers in these times.
             I am one of those healers. Many of the great warriors
             you see today would not be alive if it were not for me.
             It is the healers who repair the damage...the warriors
             are most often seen to be the winners of war but it us
             healers that place great burden on ourselves to keep
             them going. Our job is a thankless one.

You say: elendin
> 
Elegon says: My father...he is dead now...he was overcome in an
             epic fight at the last by Azalin the Lich. He was a
             brave man...

             Before he died he told me he felt a dark presence
             that still lingered in the realms, possibly a Dark
             Mage. He asked me to complete his quest if he died.

You say: azalin
> 
Elegon says: A powerful necromancer indeed. He deceived my father
             and murdered him while on the quest. It is for that
             reason I have spent many of my years in the Ice Valley
             battling the powers that lurk there to discover why my
             father was there and possibly continue on from him.

You say: powers
> 
Elegon says: Azalin and the Verbeeg Shaman.

You say: shaman
> 
Elegon says: He almost defeated me but I escaped!

You say: necromancer

Elegon says: A powerful necromancer indeed. He deceived my father
             and murdered him while on the quest. It is for that
             reason I have spent many of my years in the Ice Valley
             battling the powers that lurk there to discover why my
             father was there and possibly continue on from him.

'powers
You say: powers
> 
Elegon says: Azalin and the Verbeeg Shaman.


You say: errand
> 
Elegon says: Yes! The errand is my quest! There is a dark presence
             in the realm that upsets the balance. This presence
             was first felt by Elendin, my father, and now I am
             seeking the source of the disturbance. It is most
             likely a Dark Mage that was unaccounted for in the
             ancient war. I must seek out this mage and exterminate
             him.
             
You say: dark mage

Elegon says: The source of the evil ripple is doubtless a Dark Mage
             unaccounted for in the Dark Mage Wars. I do not know
             his name but am drawing nearer to him. Day by day as I
             roam the land I feel his evil pulse ever more strongly.
             He is most likely a weak, old man now. However, caution
             must be taken since I still regard any Dark Mage as
             dangerous. I perceive him to be residing further south,
             possibly settled in the great city of Wayhaven!
             

You say: dangerous
> 
Elegon says: Dangerous!! And so am I!!! Very Dangerous! More
             dangerous than anyone you will ever meet, except maybe
             if you come before the seat of Elentil himself!


Elegon says: A word of warning my friend:

             I am very powerful. If you attack me, I will do
             everything possible to destroy you. I will not let you
             run away. Only the most powerful of individuals should
             dare attack me, and only the most brave group of
             warriors. If you decide to attack me let it be known
             that only one opposing side shall leave the hut.
