megatech elevator:
  Poisonice tells you: there's only floors 50,100,150,200,250 and 300
  
  elevators on the south side only go to 50
  se corner of floor 50 has next elevators

bob in trailer doesn't respond to elevators, just gives pass keys, what do these
open?

go to north group of guards, west is bound up fred:
  A Bound and Gagged Man.
  > free man
  Shenanigans unties the man.
  Fred says: Ahhhh. Thank you so much for untieing me.
             I owe you one pal.
  Fred says: Actually. Let me repay my debt to you now.
             Ask me about anything you want, I'll try
             to answer your questions.
  > 'card
  Fred says: Ok. Here's my card. Bob will know you if you have it.
  get card
  
  > 'bob
  You say: bob
  > Fred says: Yeah. Bob musta headed off to the hideout.
             We had decided beforehand that we would meet
             back there when this was all over.
  'hideout
  You say: hideout
  > Fred smiles.
  Fred says: The hideout should be easy to find. It's
             southeast of Pittsburg, in what appears to
  Saving guild status, Shenanigans.
             look like an old abandoned trailer. We did
             a great job disguising it. I hope Bob made
             it there.
  'megatech
  You say: megatech
  > Fred sighs: Hesler has it in for Atlanta.
  Fred says: He's polluting left and right. You have to stop him.
  Fred says: Some of us found out about what he is trying to do.
  Fred cringes.
  Fred explains: Some of us disguised ourselves as janitors.
  Fred says: We snuck into this skyraker and tried to find out stuff.
  Fred groans: Problem is, we got caught.
  Fred says: Well, at least I did.
  Fred smiles: My buddy Bob got away.
  Fred nudges you.
  Fred says: I'm pretty sure that he got away with something important.
  Fred says: I'll give you something to let him know that you've
             talked to me. But you have to ask me for it first.
  Fred says: I'm glad that someone came along. Finally.
  Fred smiles: It's a nice little card I picked up on my travels.

once you have license from fred...
go to abandoned trailer near pittsburg
  Under a trailer (u)
  Bob Wheeler (good).
  You say: fred
  > Bob eyes you with caution.
  Bob says: Have you seen Fred? If so I have something for you.
  Bob explains: Both Fred and I were trying to smuggle some
                stuff out of Megatech. Fred didn't make it.
  Bob sighs: At least I made it out of there.
  Bob says: Hesler has made that place a death trap. Once you're
            in, the security systems will be activated. You have
            to find the correct panels to activate the
            elevators, if you're wrong you'll find one of Hesler's
            nifty traps.
  Bob cringes.
  Bob says: Just show me something from Fred so I
            I know that he's alive.

  > show license
  Bob cheers: You've talked to Fred!
  Bob says: I found these passkeys while cleaning out some of the
            offices in Megatech. Take them. If you search around
            long enough in the place, I'm sure that you'll find a
            good place to use them. Just be sure to watch out for
            Hesler's traps.
  
  Bob grins: Finally. Someone will stop him from polluting.
  Bob drops a bunch of cards on the ground.
