at azra
You say: lich
> 
Azra says: Years ago, before the fall of Murus Faralain, I met often with a
           fellow mage and we'd discuss the means of outlasting our feeble
           elvish frames.  I'm astonished that the weaker human race has
           survived this well, with their tiny lifespan.  As elves, Miritar
           and I drank deeper than humans do, from the mystical lifesource
           that binds our mortal forms to the realms; but, even elves must
           die sometime.  Each of us had consumed life with great passion,
           and even after many hundreds of years, we yearned to cheat death
           and to live on forever!
You say: miritar
> 
Azra says: Ahhh ... so my ancient elven friend has succeeded in achieving
           his goal?  Tell me, and be straight, for I hunger for knowledge
           of my old companion:  How do you know of Miritar?  Are you just
           repeating a name that has been carried down in myth and legend,
           or has my friend also succeeded in achieving immortality?
You say: myth
> 
Azra says: Ahh, the famed city of old.  Sometimes I wander above us here,
           and see the deterioration brought about by time.  Murus Faralain
           was the greatest achievement in a time of true splendor! 
           Nevermind this `Wayhaven' nonsense -- that was spill-over from
           Murus Faralain.  If you can imagine an era when the Great
           Western Forest and the Great Eastern Forest were separated by a
           narrow plain, not by the huge city and plains that we have now
           ... picture those trees, teeming with life.  Their keepers,
           elves, lived in scattered communities around the realms.  Murus
           Faralain was a central trading location, much as Wayhaven has
           become today.
You say: past
> 
Azra says: The past was a time of such beauty in this great city.  In fact,
           the city was named `The City of Love' among the elves, and `The
           Towers of Beauty' from bards.  Alas, it was destroyed by Armies
           of Darkness, daemons and other creatures of evil, which sweeped
           upon us from the mountains to the west, and the northern
           steppes.
You say: immortality
You say: lich
> 
Azra says: Years ago, before the fall of Murus Faralain, I met often with a
           fellow mage and we'd discuss the means of outlasting our feeble
           elvish frames.  I'm astonished that the weaker human race has
           survived this well, with their tiny lifespan.  As elves, Miritar
           and I drank deeper than humans do, from the mystical lifesource
           that binds our mortal forms to the realms; but, even elves must
           die sometime.  Each of us had consumed life with great passion,
           and even after many hundreds of years, we yearned to cheat death
           and to live on forever!
You say: death
You say: life
> 
Azra says: The cycle of life and death is inevitable for all but the
           greatest mortals.  As two of the most powerful (and certainly
           the most ingenious) mages of the age of highest magic, Miritar
           and I often spoke late into the nights, discussing our plans for
           immortality.  Eventually we concluded that there were two paths
           by which we could succeed.
You say: paths
> 
Azra says: With all of the knowledge of the greatest age of magic, we
           delved into obscure texts of: pure magic, alchemy, and religion.
           We learned from the arts of the necromancer, although we found
           them limited by their narrow sight of unlife.  For decades we
           researched and talked, and eventually decided on two possible
           paths to immortality.  I chose the life of a lich; I'm bound to
           this realm by my phylactery, and I continue to live out my
           unlife, studying the world (as best I can), from my abode, here.
           Miritar had a different approach.  He insisted that he would not
           enjoy his unlife as I do.  He desired the same richness of life
           as he had enjoyed in his youth.  Miritar proposed that he'd
           focus his life force into a small vessel; something that had
           been with him in life.  And thus, he'd rest for centuries in
           this vessel until he was able to find a mortal to support his
           lifeforce.  Then, making a deal with that mortal, a symbiotic
           relationship would allow him to enjoy the fullness of his life.
You say: vessel
> 
Azra says: While we spoke at length about an appropriate vessel to use to
           bind his life force to, I don't recall that he ever decided what
           to use.  I suspect that my arrogant friend would have chosen a
           small portion of his body ... perhaps a finger.  He had the most
           beautiful hands, and perhaps that would have served an
           appropriate tribute.
You say: relationship
> 
Azra says: Miritar would possess the mortal and thus be able to fully
           appreciate life, as vibrant as before.  We supposed the
           relationship would be mutually beneficial; the mortal having the
           command of centuries of knowledge and power at his disposal,
           while Miritar gained the experiences of a fully mortal body.