say perplexus x 3 at statue:
read note

  Dearest adventurer,
  
  I beg for your help.  My city has been oppressed for some 300 years,
  ever since the fall of Perplexus.  Rumor and legend say that some day
  Perplexus will return and bring prosperity to the town of Angelo once
  again.  
  
  I work within the castle.  There is an angel locked away there.  You
  must speak with her.  I'm not sure how you will be able to do this, as 
  she is locked away in the dungeon.  She is very weak, and I'm afraid 
  that she might die soon.  You must act quickly.  I'm certain that she 
  has information that can help bring back Perplexus. 
  
  The task I ask is not easy.  It will take all your might and wisdom to 
  rid the land of evil.  I encourage you to rally allies to help in this 
  quest, as the numbers will be stacked against you.
  
  Should you be able to free Perplexus, the town would be most grateful.  
  I'm sure that we will be able to provide suitable reward.
  Thank you,
  
  F

# angel is locked in wzliven's room, not sure where key is though

search staircase in inn in angelo
take scroll
  
  Frodriedham,
  
  After dedicating many years of my life to the study of the ancient 
  and forgotten god Xaba, I fear that my time in this realm will expire 
  before I make much more progress.
  
  I have long deduced, and believe now, more than ever that the shrine 
  of Xaba is somewhere upon the high mountain top.  Research has led me 
  to believe that at one time Xaba had thousands, perhaps even tens of 
  thousands, of dragon followers.  Only the mighty Wyrms could easily 
  reach the very peaks of the mountain.
  
  As a young man I discovered an abandoned cave, where I feel a shrine 
  of Xaba might be.  I was thwarted by an impenetrable blue field and 
  had to turn back.  The climb up the mountain was treacherous when I was 
  in my prime, and I fear that I'm too old to make such a journey again.
  
  Recent discoveries have led me to believe that by speaking the word
  pierce at this protective blue field will gain further access into the
  unknown.
  
  I send this scroll so that you may continue my life's quest, of which I
  have failed.
  
  Hanspeter
  
  > The scroll crumbles to dust.
