You say: hi
> The mermaid smiles sweetly and replies:

     Hello Tamtam, it's so nice have a visitor at last.

You say: visitor
> The mermaid nods and says:

     Yes not many of the land-folk make it beyond my pet and swim over
     here. Hard to believe, but some just don't live for the feeling of
     the water swishing past them as I do. The wimps complain about it
     being cold.

You say: cold
> The mermaid looks and says mockingly:

     Bah cold! Adventurers just aren't made of stuff they used to be.
     Ask my pet, she had to dispose of one the other day.

You say: pet
> The mermaid smiles wryly and says:

     My pet anemone is beautiful isn't she. I love her dearly, although
     some say she does have a little temper. She is one of the most
     magnificent creatures in this ocean in my eyes.


You say: wimps
> The mermaid looks and says mockingly:

     Bah cold! Adventurers just aren't made of stuff they used to be.
     Ask my pet, she had to dispose of one the other day.

You say: visitor
> The mermaid nods and says:

     Yes not many of the land-folk make it beyond my pet and swim over
     here. Hard to believe, but some just don't live for the feeling of
     the water swishing past them as I do. The wimps complain about it
     being cold.

You say: ocean
> The mermaid sighs and says:

     Yes the ocean, my realm. It is beautiful now but once it was so
     much more. So much was lost, so much.

You say: lost
> The mermaid turns her head and the expression in her eyes makes you feel
as if she is looking straight into your soul. Finally, she seems to
decide something and after a long pause begins to speak:

     Would you like to hear the story of the world?
     
You say: story
> The mermaid slowly begins to recite:

     When I was young the scent of creation was still fresh on this
     realm and I lived in an ocean far to the north of here. There was
     so much beauty and magic then in all living things. The creatures
     of the sea were magnificent, and the land-folk lived in harmony.
     But even in such a time of peace the beauty of one thing stood
     above all else. The gem.

You say: gem
> The mermaid looks up and smiles. She says:

     The gem was a city. A city called Seahaven.

You say: seahaven
> The mermaid settles back and continues her tale:

     Seahaven was the center of the world, a focus of scholars and
     merchants. It was a magnificent port and ships from there would
     carry the land-folk across my world, the ocean, to beyond the
     endless horizon. But that world is all gone now, the circle of dark
     mages made sure of that!


You say: circle
> The mermaid looks in disgust, the tone of her voice changing slightly:

     The mages tampered with things they did not understand and became
     servants to their own magic. As they battled amongst themselves to
     rule supreme they fought to control even their own mortality. The
     mage wars soon became the bane of this realm, unearthly powers were
     released which were never part of the original design of this
     world.

You say: powers
> The mermaid nods and says:

     The wayward mages could not hope to control the formidable powers
     they summoned, the cataclysmic forces which were unleashed raised
     whole mountains, baked deserts dry, and drained entire seas.
     Portals for beasts and unnamed monsters of the underworld to enter
     the realm were opened. The beautiful Seahaven was virtually
     destroyed when the north sea, my home, was emptied and the sea bed
     thrust upward. So it was that a new age of the world began.

You say: age
> The mermaid ponders for a moment to collect her thoughts and continues:

     After the wars finally ended the ruins of Seahaven were left high
     and dry in the middle of a frozen continent. The few who still
     lived abandoned the broken rubble and moved south to the sister
     city of Wayhaven to seek a friendlier and warmer climate and
     fertile plains to grow their crops. There were rumors I have heard
     which still trouble my sleep.

You say: rumors
> The mermaid leans closer and lowers her voice to almost a whisper:

     It was told that the one of the most powerful and deceitful of the
     dark mages, Erthorpion, still lived amongst those refugees,
     shrouded in a disguise as a common farmer. If this is true it is
     certain no good will come of it. I too was a refugee and made my
     home this small cave on the edge of the southern seas where few
     will bother me. For a while there were a few who talked of
     returning to rebuild Seahaven to its former glory, but now all talk
     of that is gone with the coming of the glacier.

You say: glacier
> The mermaid continues:

     Yes, the newly formed mountains around Seahaven fed a vast glacier
     which poured down from the peaks and severed the ruins into an east
     side and a west side before spilling out onto the frozen tundra in
     the north part of this realm where it now lies. It is impossible to
     scale the treacherous glacier to recover the ruins and the secrets
     of the lost city. I live with the fear that one day a brave
     adventurer will try, drawn by the reward of powerful magic, lost
     knowledge, and priceless riches.

You say: magic
> The mermaid nods and says:

     The wayward mages could not hope to control the formidable powers
     they summoned, the cataclysmic forces which were unleashed raised
     whole mountains, baked deserts dry, and drained entire seas.
     Portals for beasts and unnamed monsters of the underworld to enter
     the realm were opened. The beautiful Seahaven was virtually
     destroyed when the north sea, my home, was emptied and the sea bed
     thrust upward. So it was that a new age of the world began.

You say: riches
> The mermaid, a little disturbed at the question, begins to speak:

     I'm sorry, but I cannot tell what is there. Some things were never
     meant to be in this world and are best left unfound. I think
     perhaps I have already told you more than was wise.
     
     The mermaid looks out at the sea, her story has clearly ended.

