'lair
You say: lair
> The Dragon says: Yes, this is my lair. I had to modify it a
bit, but it is much better than what my previous home had
become.
'previous home
You say: previous home
> 'home
You say: home
> The Dragon says: My previous home was located in the Plane of
Shadow. It was almost perfect. Lots of shadows to lie about in
and so much treasure. But, unfortunately, it was destroyed.
'plane
You say: plane
> The Dragon says: It is the birthplace of my kind. Fortunately,
it is inaccessible to you humans. I don't want to think what might
happen if humans were allowed access to my homeland.
'destroyed
You say: destroyed
> The Dragon says: It was done by that evil sorcerer and his pet demons.
One day, when I can again gain access to my homeland, I will go and
gather the rest of my kind and slay those foul spawns of hell.
'sorerer
You say: sorerer
> 'sorcerer
You say: sorcerer
> The Dragon says: His name is Sinistarian Wraithel and he is a very
powerful sorcerer. Along with his pet demons, he destroyed my lair when
I was out hunting for food. They then ambushed me when I returned and
through some foul magic, sent me to this accursed land. Someday I will
enact my revenge.
'revenge
Saving crafting status.
You say: revenge
> 'sinistarian
You say: sinistarian
> The Dragon says: His name is Sinistarian Wraithel and he is a very
powerful sorcerer. Along with his pet demons, he destroyed my lair when
I was out hunting for food. They then ambushed me when I returned and
through some foul magic, sent me to this accursed land. Someday I will
enact my revenge.
'demons
You say: demons
> The Dragon says: Sinistarian summoned them from some remote plane of the
Abyss. Their names are Crag, Tiwa, and Promi.
'abyss
You say: abyss
> 'crag
You say: crag
> The Dragon says: It is one of the demons that Sinistarian summoned to
aid him in his destruction of my homeland. They are truly hideous beings.
You say: amulet
> The Dragon says: This amulet was perhaps my most prized treasure.
The artwork is amazing considering the dwarf who made it was completely
insane. Sometimes, when the light hits it just right, it will sparkle
and make the most interesting shadows.
'dwarf
You say: dwarf
> The Dragon says: I believe his name was Dworkin.
'dworkin
You say: dworkin
> The Dragon says: Dworkin was a master armorer and jewelsmith who
thought he could fashion a suit of armour from my hide. I, naturally,
objected to him using my hide and decided he would've made a good
snack. Amazingly, he talked me out of it. He offered to make me
this amulet in exchange for his life.
