using magic marker and magic mapper, you can travel in the 'darkness' between
the towers

nw (tyrian vines) tower:
e, e, e, nw, e, ne, se, w, se, e # from nw mage tower to ne tower


northeast (flaming palm) tower:
w, nw, e, nw, sw, w, se, w, w, w # from ne tower to nw
# the below dirs are for the quest
e, se, s, se, w, nw, sw, e, se, s, sw, sw, nw, ne, e
when i try to go east i get this:

The darkness is impenetrable. You have no idea what you are stumbling
into and cannot force yourself to keep going. If only you knew what lay
ahead...
wizard eye doesn't work, clairvoyance doesn't work

to go east, go to well, read book/scrolls and see naiz's name in candles
say hi, glade, order, opposite, plane, devastating, tarrasque,
  outworld
give storybook to naiz (from well)
he gives you key, 

> Naiz says: Thank you so much, Gilead!
           I can't tell you how much I have wanted something to keep me
           occupied in such a desolate place as this.
           
           Perhaps in return I could teach you some magic, and help you
           to scribe the new spells, although I would first need my
           journal which was lost when the great Tarrasque came upon us.
           There was no time to recover even those things most precious.
           
           Be careful, my journal is safeguarded by a dangerous and
           ancient ward. Also, you will need this key, I barely had time
           to lock the room after me as I fled the crumbling tower.

go back to ruined tower, unlock grate, open grate, d, cast dispel magic
  take journal to naiz
  
Naiz says: My journal! Ah it is so long since I have seen these dusty
           pages! It is like seeing an old friend who dies and is gone
           forever and then wakes from the dead. You are a true friend,
           Gilead!
           
           In return, I will reward you with the greatest knowledge, the
           knowledge of the most powerful spells of magic. You have
           proved to me your friendship, and your patience in searching
           and recovering that which is most precious to me. I need to
           be sure though that you are worthy of the knowledge and can
           handle the power in battle.
           
           As a final test of your ability, you must face and defeat for
           me the evil beast I fought in my youth when I was nothing
           more than an apprentice mage, much as you are now. To begin
           with, name the monster for me, as finding the true name of a
           foe is always the first step towards conquering it.

say runewalker

Naiz says: Yes that is the name of beast!         
           I was lucky to live the day I came face to face with that
           thing. I still have the wizard's powder which I used to
           summon the Runewalker, and I will give you the pouch, but I
           forget the words of power which you must chant, so long have
           I been in this darkness. You will have to discover them for
           yourself.
           
           Bring me proof you have slain the terrible beast, then I will
           teach you the magic you wish to know

gives you pouch, go to top of tower where there's powder, chant velom

west (platinum star) tower:
w, ne, n, nw, n, e, ne, e, ... seems to lose me back to nw tower
s, goes nowhere

southwest (crimson rose) tower:
w, nw, sw, dead end
w, nw, e, e, n, nw, ne, , gets turned around :(
se, se, w, dead end, gets turned around
se, se, ne, e, ne, e # leads to se tower

southeast (black pearl) tower:
ne, e, n, e, e, nw, 


