Scaling O Spells:

Rather than O spells having a set cost, the O spells cost is contingent upon
glvl and how many sps the mage wants to funnel into them.  Obviously putting 
max allowed is best for gxp and dmg, but this gives the option to scale back
for longer fights.

The max cost allowed would be glvl / 2 rounded down + 15 sps.
Based on glvl it would go something like this:
glvl cost
---- ----
1    15
10   20
20   25
50   40
100  65
150  90
160  95

I think this would be great because our baby O mage spells would scale.  This
gives a couple more useful dmg types (lightning, crushing, acid), and I get to 
use my personal favorite magic missiles (i don't know why, but this was my 
favorite from AD&D).

O Spell Effect Ideas
Apart from scaling the O spells using more constant sp flow, I was wondering if
some spells could be tweaked down in terms of dmg, but get added affects.  The
benefit to using the spells would become situational but I think it would add a
cool dimenion for solo play and for parties.

Ideas:
Magic missile scales like above, but it's dmg is capped.  That lost dmg is a 
balance for the missiles having the added effect of reducing energy ac on the 
mob.  You can think of the missiles creating holes in their defense over time.
The end result is the mage can lower a mobs resistance to disintegrate (and
apparently implosion).  You could make this all ac is lowered but I think that's
a bit much.

Freezing sphere has a dmg cap but has a chance (goes up with SL) to stun a mob
in a round.  This is more of a party skill and would function like a monk stun.
The sphere(s) would be freezing the mob and cutting down on their ability to 
hit.

Lightning bolt would have a dmg cap but based on how many hits it has via 
efficacy, the lightning would begin to chain and hit multiple mobs attacking 
you.  This would be more fun for crowd control and would mimic a sii power that 
does this as well as a psicorps power (names ellude me).

This would leave the below spells to function as normal attack spells:
burning hands (fire)
minute meteor (radiation)
acid arrow (acid)
shocking grasp (elec)
cone of cold (ice)
clenched fist (blunt)
venmous spray (poison)
prismatic spray (omg dmg types)
disintegrate (energy)
implosion (energy...should be blunt)
incinerate (fire)
frostbite (ice)
mind warp (mind)
