Chapter 8: The Meeting


The stars streak by as you initiate the Burima host's Rapid Space Travel 
and enter the Space Tunnel. You hold your breath in anxiousness, wondering 
what type of species live out beyond the boundaries of your current solar 
system. It has been many years since the Y'nilla had conquered the planets 
within the solar system and the species on it, incorporating the biogenetic 
code into their own structure and thereby developing new hosts, but 
traveling outside the galaxy ... that was the Promised Land. Perhaps, you 
think to yourself, this is what The One wanted. For the Y'nilla to spread 
outwards, not only within the solar system, but eventually the entire 
galaxy. You pray that The One can see you now.


You send a message to the others to decelerate at your mark. Unfortunately, 
you think to yourself, the entire mission must be catalogued from the home 
planet, and as such, you are unable to guard your thoughts. Fortunately, 
only one-way communication seems to be possible while in Rapid Space Travel 
in the Burima, and you don't have to listen to those outside of the Space 
Tunnel. However, it would be nice to not have the other Y'nilla monitoring 
you and your actions the entire time.                                  


You do a quick mental check to ensure that you are prepared to leave the 
Tunnel. The Burima is not exactly the most powerful host in terms of 
firepower, but it was easier for the Form Smiths to modify the newfound 
Burima host to accommodate some radiation weaponry rather than solve the 
biogenetic reason of Space Tunnel Creation and then apply that to the more 
powerful hosts. However, it was more important to begin the exploration of 
the galaxy than worry about defending yourself once you were there. Y'nilla 
were plentiful, especially when pursuing the goal of population of the 
galaxy, and political pressures being the way they were meant time was not.


A small gravitational tug reminds you that you are nearing your destination 
for this inaugural voyage. You break yourself from your reverie and resume 
your check of the Burima host. Once you are certain that there are no 
problems, and the others have reported similarly, you send the signal to 
begin the departure from the Tunnel. You take a brief moment to wonder what 
the new galaxy will be like, and whether it will be inhabitable. Studies so 
far have shown that the possibility is there, and you await eagerly the 
chance to be the first to discover it. A quick pinprick in the back of your 
mind reminds you that you are now in contact with the others on the home 
planet, and you briefly endure a quick reprimand for not being completely 
focussed within the Tunnel. Well, you think, they can't do much about it 
since I'm already here.


As you complete your exit from the tunnel, a quiet buzzing sound appears in 
the back of your mind. You can hear the thoughts of the others as they too 
seem to be experiencing the same unprecedented phenomena. Help from the 
home planet is not forthcoming, as they too are baffled by what this could 
be. You instruct the home planet to ensure that this is not a side effect 
of Rapid Space Travel within the Burima, and continue on with the mission, 
though the buzzing has still not subsided.


As you and your party begin the slow entrance into the solar system, the 
buzzing becomes louder and more bothersome. You check again with the home 
planet but they have no information of value. You try to calm the others 
within your party, and halt your entrance into the system. The buzzing, 
however, continues to grow in your mind.


Without warning, your host's sharp eyesight picks up many small points of 
light circling about the fourth planet. A small group of the points of 
light break off and begin speeding towards you and your group. The pattern 
of their movement is not random and therefore must be some kind of 
intelligence. You wonder briefly what kind of new hosts awaits your 
colonization and occupation. The buzzing begins to rapidly increase as the 
points of light approach. You can now resolve them into large, spherical 
shapes with little extrusions or appendages. 


The buzzing increases to an almost unbearable level as the beings approach. 
You party begins to fidget as the emissaries from this new planet pause 
slightly before continuing on towards you. During that brief time, you are 
certain that the buzzing in the back of your mind, which now feels as if it 
is tearing you in two, ceased to increase, and then continued on with their 
approach. Quickly assessing the situation, you realize that the buzzing 
must be some kind of weapon. Could these beings manipulate the Psi? 
Although unheard of in your own solar system, you weren't there anymore. 
All the rules had been changed once you left that system, and it looks as 
if these aliens could indeed manipulate the Psi as a weapon. A weapon 
strong enough that only their mere presence was required to destroy their 
opponents.


Your thoughts are quickly echoed in one form or another by the other 
members of your party, who are now in pain and very anxious. The home 
planet seems to confirm that they believe this is a weapon as well, and 
that the only defense in this instance would be to quickly dispatch the 
approaching aliens.


You signal to the fleet to begin a delta formation and attack the spherical 
beings. Before you are in position though, the aliens, though still far 
away, begin launching what looks to be explosives from what appears to be 
portholes in a ring around their bodies. Three of your crew members are 
quickly killed as the explosion tears through your formation. A combination 
of two weapons, you think, both working at long range, could make short 
work of any other species. You quickly signal the rest of the fleet to 
begin a full assault on the aliens.


Radiation beams begin streaking from your battalion, tearing through the 
aliens and ripping them in pieces. Your keen eyesight picks up many other 
points of light quickly streaking from the planet towards you, and you urge 
your crew members to strengthen the assault. You expect little though, as 
the buzzing in your mind has almost drowned out the communications from the 
home planet, as the aliens are now right on top of you. Quickly the battle 
denigrates into an all out struggle for survival on both sides, as tactics 
seem to have failed both you and the aliens. Understandable, you think, 
that your fleet could not keep their strategy with this constant buzzing, 
but perhaps you have found the weak spot in these aliens - they cannot 
strategize.


You continue your own assault with well placed rapid fire beams into the 
spherical aliens, hoping to dispatch them before reinforcements arrive, but 
with your army in such a disarray, you realize that you cannot hope to 
prevail. The buzzing in your head now is such that you fire wildly, as if 
trying to annihilate the buzzing within. You lose control of your senses as 
the alien reinforcements arrive and the buzzing takes on an unearthly tone, 
tearing your mind apart and quickly driving you mad. You fire at the sun to 
extinguish its rays and dive towards the water to bury your head in the mud 
underneath. You scream internally as you try to stop the buzzing no matter 
what. You can feel your core self begin to pop and fade as you begin to 
lose control of the Burima host. 


Through your ever-increasing madness, you remember dimly the protocols to 
initiate in such a situation. You quickly dispatch the command for total 
self destruction, and release the Philloma virus that will rapidly 
dissociate your form and your core self into mere atoms, and hope the 
others remember to do so as well. You quickly perform the Rite of Death and 
release all your memories and thoughts into the Great River, though the 
last part might be tainted with madness. You have barely finished the Rite 
when the virus simultaneously begins to disintegrate you as three 
explosives smash into your side from the aliens. Hopefully, your people 
will conquer this new, dangerous species and continue filling the galaxy 
with Y'nilla.

As quickly as you left your body to relive these memories, your
consciousness is sucked back through a tunnel of time and space, reentering
your body with incredible force.


You feel a moment of sharp pain as a new tendril bursts from your flesh at
the base of your cerebral cortex.


Congratulations on achieving a new level of control!