You relax and drift quickly into a meditative trance.


Instantly your spirit is torn from your body, and sent hurling through time
and space, as moments of history explode around you.

Dimly you see a figure at the end of a tunnel of flashing lights.  Your
course focuses on a single being ahead.  You slam into the form and feel a
moment of vertigo.


Chapter 7: The Beginnings


Finally, a chance to study one of these aliens! Both sides had been very 
careful to avoid any capture of prisoners, either dead or alive, to prevent 
any study of each other, going as far as incinerating the remains of their 
soliders to avoid any discovery. Even the slightest bit of knowledge could 
tip the scales in favour of one or the other. But now, here, in your care, 
was one of these aliens! You quickly drag the misshapen and dying alien 
into the cave out of the range or sight of the rest of the battle to take 
the time to learn more about it.


You quickly recount what you know about the aliens to ensure that your 
study is as fruitful as possible. There seem to be groups of aliens, all of 
different sizes and shapes, each seemingly a different creature but 
obviously of the same group. It had been theorized that the alien race was 
actually many races, all working together to defeat the U'ja. Another 
theory states that the evolution of the planet could have arisen such that 
many different species gained consciousness at about the same time, and 
therefore evolved together. A third postulated that perhaps another, 
greater, alien species planted intelligence in the simple creatures of 
their home planet. However, although many species of aliens had already 
been encountered and easily conquered, this current group of aliens was by 
far the most intelligent and the most difficult to conquer, so the idea of 
another even more powerful alien species was easily dismissed.
Wild snarls rend the air as the broodlings yearn for combat.

                            * * * * * * * * * *
                            
And there was always the constant buzzing in the mind caused by the 
presence of these aliens. Although it didn't appear to be damaging in any 
way, it did sometimes affect the flow of the Great River, and U'ja had 
reported miscommunication and an increased difficulty in controlling the 
Great River while near these aliens. You yourself could feel it 
disappearing as the alien in your hands expires.


You greedily look over the alien's body, trying to discover more 
information. Elongated head, sharp horns, scaly skin, bipedal, small 
cranium ... You pause to examine the cranium, wondering how a skull that 
small could allow for such an intelligence. Perhaps, you think, there is 
only one intelligence that controls these simpler beings from a distance? 
You shudder at the thought. Could another species learn to use the Great 
River and the Psi? You dismiss it as unlikely. There had been no 
indications among the many other alien species you had encountered, so it 
seemed unlikely.


You continue the examination. All joints appeared to be functional, nothing 
remarkable.

Overall, it appears to be very similar to the many other alien species that 
you had encountered over the years. But how could they then put up such a 
unified front among several species? Was this the first example of 
interspecies communication? But how could this particular species 
communicate with the others? A language could be developed, you consider. 
As U'ja, using the Great River, language was unnecessary, but you had 
witnessed it before among other species. However, those languages were 
consistent only to one species, never interspecies.


You take the time to examine the mouth, opening it wildly and being careful 
of the sharp teeth. Even an accidental slip could prick your skin and fill 
your veins with poison. A small purple extrusion at the back of the mouth 
grabs your attention. You pull the mouth farther apart, careful not to 
prick yourself, and look at it from several angles. Long, thin, and ending 
in a small barb, it reminds you slightly of the <tentacles> on an U'ja's 
true form, before it merges with a host. It's impossible to look at it in 
this manner, you decide, and flip the alien corpse over.


You take your razor sharp claw and slowly slice the skin on the back of the 
neck of the alien. A white cloud bursts outwards and you scramble to 
safety, huddling in a corner with your claws over your mouth until the 
cloud dissipates. Once the cloud is gone, you return to your study of the 
corpse.

                            * * * * * * * * * *
                            
Your heart skips three beats as you cannot believe your eyes. What looks 
like an U'ja has somehow been ejected from the base of the skull of this 
creature. You ignore the corpse and pay full attention to this organ that 
has been thrown out. It looks exactly like an U'ja, you decide. It is 
small, tubular, with "tentacles" along its sides. It pulses with the same 
rhythm that an U'ja would. The tentacles would indicate it to be an U'ja of 
average strength, but the rings on its back would indicate that it was a 
young U'ja. You lose control of your thoughts and send the image in front 
of you racing along the Great River. It is a few seconds before you regain 
control, and you realize what the consequences could be. Already U'ja are 
trying to contact you for explanation. You ignore them and try to 
concentrate on the present, and carefully guard your thoughts.


Your mind races at the possibilities. What could it be? Could it be another 
U'ja, perhaps of a group that splintered off from the original U'jas? That 
would be impossible, you consider, as there would be no way for them to 
travel that distance until recently. Especially not when you consider the 
time required for them to expand their domination over the planets they 
currently hold. What could it be?


You think carefully, trying to piece together the many fragments of legend 
and history at the same time. After much deliberation and many theories, 
you come up with one plausible explanation: The aliens are another race of 
Ka'lee.

                            * * * * * * * * * *

You cannot explain how or why. Every U'ja is told of the Great Exodus, and 
how the U'ja were being tested for their faith and love of The One, but 
there was no mention of many groups of Ka'lee sent out. However, there was 
also no mention of the U'ja being the only Ka'lee. That had to be the case. 
After all, here sits the proof.


This would mean that this group of aliens could also manipulate the Psi! 
But, you think, we should all be on the Great River, and be able to 
communicate with each other, and that's not the case. Perhaps the buzzing 
in my mind is the disturbance of the Great River by these Ka'lee who also 
can sense the Great River? If so, then why is it so difficult to 
communicate?


You are so occupied in thought that you hardly notice that the buzzing has 
returned. You quickly leap back from the supposed Ka'lee in case you were 
wrong. You then become aware of the screams of the other U'ja in your mind. 
You rush out of the cave to witness gigantic flying beasts with long talons 
and beaks, with leathery wings stretching out larger than any alien species 
you have yet encountered. Had these new Ka'lee somehow mastered another 
form? This was another thing to consider - these aliens could occupy 
different host forms as well, and as such, the perceived advantage of the 
U'ja had disappeared.


The buzzing in your head reaches a feverish pitch, and you spin about 
trying to find the source of it. You can find no one nearby. Your hear a 
slight hiss over your shoulder and execute a defensive flip which puts you 
out of range of the hissing and turned around so that you now face it.


Slowly, several meters from you, a dark mist begins to coalesce. 
Frightened, you step back even further. The dark shape takes on the form of 
a giant U'ja - you should say Ka'lee, now - and then into another, less 
recognizeable form. Is this a vision from The One? Impossible - you would 
not feel buzzing in that case. It must be one of the aliens. But how could 
it have mastered a form such as this, and where would they have found it? 
This is far more advanced than either the U'ja or the new Ka'lee.


The hissing begins to form distinct sounds, and you pay more attention to 
them. Perhaps it is speaking as the other more primitive aliens who do 
not know the Psi speak. You cannot shake yourself of the odd thoughts the 
buzzing in the back of your mind is causing. The buzzing would indicate a 
disturbance of the Great River, by another being that can manipulate the 
Psi, in the previous case a Ka'lee. Who then is this?


For some strange reason, you can instantly recognize the language being 
spoken by the dark misty shape. It appeals to your memory of things long 
past, as if this knowledge was buried down deep inside your genetic code.


"Welcome, fellow Ka'lee. Welcome to the Great War."


Suddenly the form dissipates and reforms into a giant point which hurls 
itself through you. You stagger as you struggle to control the damaged 
host, but this attack has also weakened your psionic link. You fall to your 
knees and look up at the sky as balls of fire rain down on your U'ja 
confederates, destroying them all. As you expire, you perform the rite of 
death and send all your thoughts along the Great River. Hopefully, someone 
can use this knowledge to defeat these new Ka'lee.

As quickly as you left your body to relive these memories, your
consciousness is sucked back through a tunnel of time and space, reentering
your body with incredible force.


You feel a moment of sharp pain as a new tendril bursts from your flesh at
the base of your cerebral cortex.


Congratulations on achieving a new level of control!


    . o O ( Gilead has advanced to control level 7! ) O o .
