Crystal of AO, Pooki Maya convo:

You say: hi                                                                   
Pooki Maya says: Hello Shenanigans. 
> Have you come seeking the Faerie Folk? 

You say: ao                                                                   
Pooki Maya explains: Yes, great evil. Deep below the island, sleeping
dragons await.
 
You say: dragons                                                              
Pooki Maya says: The Dragons of Ao. They sleep today, but long ago
they killed my family and stole my dearest treasure. 

You say: evil                                                                 
Pooki Maya explains: Yes, great evil. Deep below the island, sleeping
dragons await.
 
> 'treasure
You whisper to Pooki Maya the Faerie Queen: treasure                          
> Pooki Maya says: The Crystals of Ao. They hold the magic of my people. 

> 'crystals
You whisper to Pooki Maya the Faerie Queen: crystals                          
> Pooki Maya says: If you wish to help me, kneel before me and I
will grant you the clarity to begin your quest.
 
kneel before pooki
As you kneel before Pooki Maya, she magically grants you
the clarity necessary to pass the dragon's gate.

You say: family                                                               
Pooki Maya nods sadly.                                                     
> Pooki Maya says: The dragons swept down upon us and killed them
all, including my husband. The rest of my people are now hidden
away. Only I remain.

> 'quest
You whisper to Pooki Maya the Faerie Queen: quest                             
> Pooki Maya looks at you closely.                                           
Pooki Maya says: Indeed, I have a quest if you are up to the task.
Eons ago, the dragons stole the crystals that harbor the faerie
folk. Collect all four crystals and proffer them to me. I will
be forever in your debt if you succeed!

You say: goblins                                                              
Pooki Maya nods.                                                           
> Pooki Maya says: The goblins are indeed a nuisance, but they are
merely unwitting prisoners. They've no idea the evil that lurks
beneath the island that's captured their souls.

You say: wisdom                                                               
Pooki Maya smiles.                                                         
> Pooki Maya says: If it's wisdom you seek, you need only to bow before me. 

> bow pooki
As you bow to Pooki Maya, she magically grants you wisdom. +1 wis!

You say: labyrinth                                                            
Pooki Maya explains: The Labyrinth houses the Dragons of Ao and lies
beneath this isle. It is very dangerous and highly confusing. Very
few have entered its depths and survived to tell the tale.

You say: ophidian                                                             
Pooki Maya says: Yes, the Ophidians guard the Labyrinth and the
Dragons of Ao that sleep in its depths. Beware, they will defend
the dragons with all they possess.

You say: tree                                                                 
Pooki Maya smiles at you.                                                  
> Pooki Maya says: This tree is my bastion. 
'bastion
You say: bastion                                                              
Pooki Maya nods sagely.                                                    
> Pooki Maya explains: I keep watch on the world from here, ensuring our safety.


