parchment journal (closed): Ok.
> open journal
The old leather of the book creaks as it is opened.

read journal

Erthorpion.  I could kill him.  I roam the realms for him like
a petty slave, searching for his benefit.

Today I have stumbled upon a tower hidden well in the forest.  I
don't see it on any current maps that we have.  Sections of the
base are stained a red color and the upper areas are black
granite.

The rest of the page has been destroyed.

You turn the page to page 2.
> read journal

I am amazed at the power Necromancers wield.  Erthorpion was right
in attempting to find out more about them.  Their power could quite
possibly change the tides of this war in our favor.

Entering this tower proved to be a challenge.  I believe it was
secured for two reasons.  The first is to keep whatever secrets
that are inside secure and the second is to keep prying eyes out.
I must investigate more....

You turn the page to page 3.
> read journal

I have investigated the tower a bit.  It appears that this tower
was, or is, used for rituals or summonings of some type.  It also
houses a beautiful library and scribing chamber.  Most of the books
seem to have been relocated, but I found a few here to study.

One of the books appears to be some sort of theogony about one of
their gods.  It seems to have some good information, but a lot of
it may be based upon fables and lore.

Another book I've paged through speaks of ancient runes and symbols
and their uses in rituals and summonings.  Now this looks like what
we may be seeking.

You turn the page to page 4.
> read journal

I begin the long journey back to Erthorpion to report my findings.
I will also restock supplies and request for assistance.  I am
confident this will be worth the expen.....

The bottom portion of this page is torn off...

You turn the page to page 5.
> read journal

Tonight I meet with Erthorpion to discuss my findings at the
Alizarian Tower.  Meager as they might be, I have faith that this
will propel us to victory.

I have returned to my quarters after meeting with Erthorpion.  He
appeared very excited about my findings.  Alas, not excited enough
to commit to sending me a small contingent of troops.  So, tonight
I prepare myself for the long journey back to the tower and the
beginning of my studies there.

You turn the page to page 6.
> read journal

This page is missing.

You turn the page to page 7.
> read journal

This page is missing.

You are at the end of the journal.
