13 Grune,

We set out from Wayhaven this afternoon, after having
spoken to Askar and Miranda about the Cloud Drake.  From
what they told us, her lair is somewhere above the frozen
lands in the north, a huge stone sphere that floats over
the realm.  Personally I'd rather not have to go back into
the arctic ring, but Illus is determined to find the drake
and ask it about the spell he requires.  Oh well, as long
as there is loot in it, I'm more than happy to go along.

16 Grune,

Well here we are, frozen and tired.  Now I remember why
I hate coming this far north, the cold gets into everything!
Our sleeping mats are frozen, and our cooking fires are all
but impossible to keep alight.  Not a halfling's favorite
position to be in, that's for sure!  Illus thinks he spotted
the floating lair at sunset, and tomorrow he will do his
magic thingy and take us all airbourne.  Not sure I like
the sound of it myself, but I guess I don't have much choice
now.

17 Grune,

Damn it!  Why couldn't that big oaf keep his mouth shut!

We managed to get to the lair ok, even managed to get past
a few nasty traps thanks to my handiwork, and then we found
her.  Huge she was, I'd say at least a hundred feet from tip
to tail, and actually quite a beautiful sight.  Illus did the
talking, quickly soothing her with a few well chosen compliments,
that kinda thing.  All was going well when that OAF had to
open his mouth.  "So uhm.. you guys collect quite a hoard,
don'tcha?".  What kind of question is that to ask a dragon?

Obviously Azziruth was less than happy, and snapped up the
idiot in one quick bite.  No loss there, but then she gets
all stroppy and sets about the rest of us!  No way was I hanging
around when a hundred feet of angry scale and fang is heading
my way, so I hot-foot it back to the entrance, only to find
she had blocked it off!  I managed to find a small cave, too
small for her to get into, and am hiding out here till she
calms down.

18 Grune,

Damn Azziruth, she's sitting right outside this cave now, and
she has the hide to claim she won't hurt me if I come out!
Sorry sister, I wasn't born yesterday.  I have a few days
worth of rations with me, and I'm willing to sit here till she
gets bored and leaves.

21 Grune, (I think)

Three days and still she sits outside my little cave.  In the
few moments when she leaves she somehow blocks the cave entrance
so I can't escape.  The food has almost run out, and things are
starting to look bad for 'ol Ottho.  Oh well, if the food runs
out I can always try the fungus here.  Mushrooms have never been
my favorite, but neither has starvation.

24 Grune, (Not so sure now)

Well guess it's time to try these fungi out.  My own rations
ran out about breakfast time, and now at dinner I have to say
I'm feeling pretty peckish.  Let's hope they are not poisonous,
as I don't really have any other options right now.

I just had an amusing thought.  A while ago while exploring some
caves in the mountains we came across an old skeleton with a diary
similar to this, and it turned out to be the poor soul's last words.
Hope that's not the case with my diary... it's just too cliche to
consider.

The            little           red             diary      
     singular                         spider               
                 speckled                      Wayhaven    
   spaced                    twixt         Ottho.  
   
I have no idea of the date...

Wow... Uhm.. those fungi were not poisonous as such, but
judging by what I wrote they were quite interesting... Lucky
I didn't decide to go for a walk, or I'd be dragon food!  I
think I will stay away from those ones for now.  Oh well, time
to try one of the other species, the red ones look ok.

All that is written on this page is the word "lantern", followed
by a thick red smear down the center of the page.
