        Day 1

After years of wondering where I hid that chest of old forgotten spells,
I finally found it deep in the storage room.

I searched through the spells to see if I could find anything
worthwhile, and I stumbled across an old parchment with gold writing
which translates: "Time Travel".  This parchment shall be my priority
for the next little while.

I have gathered all the necessary components for the spell and will
attempt it later today.

The parchment is hard to handle, some of it is brittle and broken off,
but luckily the spell has been untouched thus far.

It is getting late, I will continue this on the morrow.
                                                        .........
                                                        
        Day 2

Everything is ready for my attempts at this spell.

Curses! The spell did not work as planned.  A piece of the parchment
broke off and crumbled while I was casting the spell.  I tried my best
to remember what it said, hoping I recalled correctly.  A bright crack
of lightning hit the floor in front of me and when I could see again, a
giant vortex had appeared.

It has been an hour since I cast the spell, and nothing has happened
since the vortex appeared.

The spell failed utterly! I didn't open a time portal, this vortex leads
to another dimension.  Out of it appeared a beast made of what I can
only guess is molton lava.  Upon hearing my summons of help, my guards
came in to help me kill the creature.  I immediately cast a spell to
block passage through the vortex in either direction.

After hours speaking with my guards, they have volunteered to go through
the vortex and discover what is on the other side.  I have released the
spell on the vortex and cast another in its place that allows travel
across the portal to things of my realm only.

                                                   ...........
                                                   
        Day 3

It is morning, and they still have not returned from the vortex.  I
doubt that they are still alive and feel guilty for allowing them to
enter the vortex.

It is mid-afternoon and my guards have finally returned.  They appear
alright and are not too badly beaten.  They told me stories of human
shaped beings made completely of fire or water.  They did not wish to
speak long, and are in their quarters resting now.

I will leave the vortex until tomorrow, when I shall figure out what I
should do with it.
                                                      ..........
                                                      
        Day 4

I tried all morning to reverse the magic which brought forth the vortex,
but everything has failed!  Until I find something that works, I shall
simply maintain the spell which allows only material from this world to
pass through.
                                              End of entry.
                                              
                                              
