You turn to page 1 and read...

136th day in the Year of the Endless Burning.

- We have finally escaped the city and started on our journey.
Kyl was able to save this paper and I've saved the quills and
ink from Master Pilrosh's keep, so I will be able to record
our journey here-in. We were lucky to make it through the
city gates and across the river before the Hoards over-ran
the Beggar's quarter and took the gate. Even now, two days
and three nights later, I can still see the red of the city,
as flames flicker against a black, smoke filled sky.

Eriyrin has told us of the riches that we will find when we
uncover the tomb. How far we can trust her, I do not know,
but she is the one who found the map before the ancient
library at Uliris was put to the flame.

Wyk, on the other hand, I know I can not trust. Even now
I can see his gleaming, beady eyes staring at me from
across the fire. Kyl says that we must take him along,
or the Hoard's vanguard will take him when they come to
claim this land. Wyk was able to get us out of the city
gate at the last minute, but the way that he butchered
the guardsmen showed that he is no novice to death,
no matter what his foul mouth speaks. He also stinks.
If he doesn't bathe in the next river we cross, I
shall help him in the matter as we cross a bridge.

You turn to page 2 and read...

150th day in the Year of the Endless Burning.

- This wilderness seems endless. We have been walking
for many days, and we ran out of provisions almost
four days ago. Eriyrin says that it isn't much farther,
we just need to search in this area and we are sure
to find it. If she wasn't so proficient at hunting,
I'm positive that one of us would have stopped believing
her long ago and done away with this forsaken plan.

There is nothing that I will be able to do now that
will get Myra back, even assuming that she may still
be alive. I've been reduced to a tomb-raider. The best
that I can hope for is that we will uncover enough
gold to buy a good ship and set sail from this ravaged
land.

We can't stay out here eating rabbit and rainwater
forever. Kyl should be back from scouting soon.
Hopefully he'll have found this temple that Eriyrin
continues to speak of.

Wyk has become oddly silent. For five days he would
not stop speaking of everything we came across. He
would mention how one might put the feather fern
to use preserving meat, or how obsidian grass could
be put to use to keep one's eye's looking youthful
even through sickness. His sudden silence worries me.

You turn to page 3 and read...

151st day in the Year of the Endless Burning.

- We walked all last night after Kyl returned and
told us of what he'd found. As the sun was just
beginning to shine through the trees, we came upon
the temple that Eriyrin had promised we would find.

The temple is not quite what I had imagined from
the descriptions that Eriyrin had related from her
copied text. The structure sits in the middle of
the forest, surrounded by trees and vines. The
wilderness has grown right up to the edge of the
temple, while its walls have begun to crumble.
Its roof looks like a large paving stone
that has sunk into a hole on one side. One entire
corner of the structure seems to have collapsed
into the ground, while the rest of the outer walls
look close to following.

It is strange though that the forest is so dense
around the temple, but nothing appears to be
growing on the ruined structure itself. It is
as if the forest shuns the temple. This is the
opposite of what Wyk appears to feel. The moment
that we came within sight of the temple, he
ran ahead to sit under the stone ceiling of the
front entrance and hasn't moved from there since.

You turn to page 4 and read...

152nd day in the Year of the Endless Burning.

- Today Kyl and I pulled branches down from the
nearest trees and Eriyrin sacrificed a thick
woolen skirt from her pack as we made torches.
Wyk continues to venture into the darkness of
the temple, even after we repeatedly have told
him that the torches will not all be ready
until tomorrow.

Eriyrin has been training Kyl and me to look for
a specific kind of rune, once we are within the
temple. Neither Kyl nor I have ever been good
at reading any languages other than our own,
so it is quite difficult for us to grasp what
Eriyrin is trying to teach us.

For the last few nights I've noticed that Kyl
and Eriyrin have been together more than before.
I questioned Kyl this morning while we were
in the forest, but he was evasive. She is an
attractive woman, but I do not begrudge Kyl
if she has befriended him first. Working today
over the ancient writing confirmed what I
had thought. I am quite sure that Eriyrin's
hand was on Kyl's thigh more than once.

You turn to page 5 and read...

153rd day in the Year of the Endless Burning.

- Today has gone quite well. We entered the
temple at first light with our new torches
and quickly came to find that what we had
been able to see from the forest was only
a small fragment of the entire temple.

Once we ventured through the first crumbling
room, we moved down a cracked flight of stairs
and into what appeared to be a large prayer
chamber. It is covered with floor to ceiling
pictures carved into the stone of the walls.
The ceiling also appears to have multiple
carvings, but it is too high up to make out
in the dim light of the torches.

I found Wyk over in one corner, scraping at
the seam between the floor and the wall.
I asked what he was doing, but he said that
he had just become lost in the darkness and
that he was glad that we had finally come.

You turn to page 6 and read...
154th day in the Year of the Endless Burning.

- We've found the ancient rune stone. Kyl was
searching a room off of the main tunnel
when he came upon what he thought were the
markings. Eriyrin confirmed his guess. She
told the rest of us to stand on the other
side of the broken down stone room while she
removed a large book from her pack.

We looked on as she read some bizarre language
from the book. The stone pictures on the wall
suddenly began to glow a deep green and then
a small hole opened up in the wall, and there
lay a small smooth round stone with some more
of the strange runes carved into it.

We all felt it in our hands, and moved it
around, feeling the warmth that came from the
stone. All of us except for Wyk. He has
barely said anything these last few days, and
what he has said has made no sense. When he
speaks it's as if he's talking to someone who
is not there.

You turn to page 7 and read...

155th day in the Year of the Endless Burning.

- Today I found a room that we hadn't come
across before. My torch was going out as
I was coming back through the lowest tunnel,
when I stumbled into the wall and it crumbled
around me, revealing a new room.

This new temple room is unlike any that we've
come across before. My faith in the treasures
that Eriyrin promised us has been fading as
we've moved crumbled block after block. But,
Kyl has been ever more positive about our
prospects. This could be because he still
believes that we'll come upon treasure, or
it could be because both he and Eriyrin
slept under the same sleeping skins last night.
Whichever it may be, I've been heartened by
what we've come across.

This new room appears to have all of its stone
carvings inlaid with gold. There is a fine
jade statue at the end of the long room, that
has many of the same runes as the ancient rune
stone carved into its base. Eriyrin says that
the new carvings say that we must place the
rune stone in the outstretched hand of the
statue. We will have to build something to
stand on, so we will have to wait until
tomorrow.

You turn to page 8 and read...

156th day in the Year of the Endless Burning

- I should have known something was wrong.

We were building the scaffolding to allow
us to climb up to the statue, when Eriyrin
told Wyk what we had found as he emerged
dusty and dirty from the darkness of the
temple.

Upon hearing the news, Wyk immediately
made Eriyrin show him the room, while Kyl
and I finished the scaffolding. When we
entered the room, we found Wyk sitting
cross-legged under the statue, while
Eriyrin was trying to question him.

Kyl asked Eriyrin what the problem was,
but she seemed very displeased with
Wyk, which didn't help out Wyk's relationship
with Kyl. During this, I put the
scaffolding together and then we were ready.

Ignoring Wyk's actions for the moment,
Eriyrin focused on the task at hand and climbed
the scaffold, setting the ancient rune stone in
the palm of the statue's hand. She descended,
and told us that the ancient book describes
a ritual that would open up the way to unfound
riches and glory.

Following Eriyrin's directions, Kyl and I
chanted along with her, as well as traced the
symbols that the book describes. As we continued
to chant, Wyk suddenly took up chanting the
same strange phrases that we were uttering.

I looked at Wyk, and saw that his eyes were shining
with a brilliant glare of green light. That is when I
truly became frightened. I stopped chanting
and tried to stop Kyl and Eriyrin, but it was
too late. By now, Wyk was screaming the phrases
and the statue had begun to glow. With a crack
of thunder so loud that it shook the stone blocks
from the walls, a brilliant green light overcame
everything and then we were suddenly no longer
within the temple room, but in this strange
forsaken land.

I sit here now, wondering if we shall survive.
The sand is endless, and there is no vegetation
in sight. The sky is a blank, yellow-green light.
No clouds, no sun, no change. It has been that
way since we mysteriously arrived, and has not
changed at all. How can there be no sun? How
can the light not change during a day? Where are
we?

You turn to page 9 and read...

157th or 158th day in the Year of the Endless Burning

- What has happened to us? I had tried to warn Kyl
long ago that we should never meddle in magic, but
he thought that Eriyrin would be able to bring us
the wealth that we needed to pay back the Clan of the
Burned Ones. I doubt we shall ever see the face of
an unburnt assassin ever again.

Kyl had two rabbits strapped to his belt when we were
brought here, so we have been able to eat something.
We can at least continue. The sky has not changed,
even though we have grown hungry and tired many times
now. Time must have passed, but I am losing track of
the days. Is it night? Should we sleep, or keep on
walking? The desert is endless. We have seen nothing
but sand. Not even a medium sized stone, only the
same unending yellowish sand.

Eriyrin continues to study her book when we are not
walking. She continues to believe that we will find
something. Kyl and I continue to scout out ahead and
double back before losing sight of the group.

Wyk has become stranger. He now talks only of some god
of his. The Nesh, or Neich, or Nex something. He babbles
so quickly. The Unliving god he calls it sometimes.
He says that we are trapped here because we violated
its temple. I stopped believing in all powerful gods
long ago, but he may think that some wizard is his god.
This place drips with the feel of sorcery. If we continue
on, we may find the wizard who did this to us, if such
a being exists.

You turn to page 10 and read...

Date unknown.

- Wyk stole and destroyed the last rabbit before we were
able to eat it. We were tired, and although the sky
hadn't changed from its bright yellow-green color since
our arrival, we stopped to sleep. Eriyrin was on watch
and says that she was watching Wyk, but she has been
so absorbed in finding a way out of here in her book,
that she must have missed his treachery.

Wyk says that he took the rabbit because his god told him
to do so. Kyl thinks that the slimy little man ate it,
and I would agree with Kyl. We have seen nothing in
the way of animals or vegetation for however long we've
been here. What will we eat now?

As I look out over the sands, I see nothing. Nothing
at all but desolation and despair.

Wait. What is that black speck that's moving?

You turn to page 11 and read...

Date unknown.

- I must write quickly. We do not stop for long. Why
we even stop, I do not know. What might have been
yesterday, or even three days ago, I saw a shape
moving out in the sands. We immediately ran towards
it. As we got closer, we came up over a small ridge
in the sands and saw what appeared to be some kind
of caravan. There was a lead group with a line of
people behind it, all walking at a slow pace.

We ran towards it, hoping that they may have food
or water. We have been so hungry and thirsty. As
we came up to the end of the caravan line we found
the awful truth. This place is a land of Death.

The dead walk these shifting sands. The caravan is
made up of the walking dead. The zombies stretch out
for a very long ways. They seem to take no notice of
us. They barely make a sound, other than the shuffling
of their feet, and the occasional moan.

Kyl has scouted to the front of the line and found
that one of these forsaken beings looks different.
It is a large woman, who speaks to the undead around
her. She has the same coloration as them, and we think
that she is also one of the unliving.

With no other choices, we have fallen in line with these
beings. I hope that wherever they are going, it
will be better than this unchanging desert. I pray.

You turn to page 12 and read...

Date unknown

- We have stopped. After what must have been days,
we have finally stopped. I am so thirsty. I do not
know what to do. Are these beings that we walk with
travelers like ourselves? Did they too become lost
here? Is this what we will become?

We march on and on. I still do not know why we stop.
The undead seem not to mind either way. They continue
on, shuffling along, every once in a while a finger
or a piece of flesh will fall off into the sand. Other
than that, they walk on, unceasingly.

I look at the undead flesh and wonder how it would
taste. I am so hungry. Would it hurt me? I seem to
remember Eriyrin saying something about not touching
the flesh, but how would one bite hurt? It would
be food. Eriyrin looks very bad. She is so gaunt,
and her skin is a deep yellow color now. Kyl's face
is starting to hollow. Do I look like them? How
long can we last? What has happened to Wyk?

You turn to page 13 and read...

Entry......

- We have stopped again. What is this place? We
have come to 'something' that is hanging in the
air. It appears to be a building that hangs in
the air with nothing around it. Does a wizard
live there? Why would I think that? What would
a wizard do in a desolate place like this?

You turn to page 14 and read...

- I'm so weak, but Kyl says that he has found
something. Wyk has been traveling with the woman
at the front of the caravan, and now he's come
back to us. Kyl has brought him.

Wyk does not look hungry or tired or thirsty.
How can that be? He says that the woman is a
queen. A queen of what? Why is she here? He
doesn't answer.

Wyk says that she has something that he wants,
and that together, we can all take it from her.
What would an unliving Queen have in this
strange place?

You turn to page 15 and read...

- We are alive!

For the first time in however many days it has
been, I feel that we may actually survive.

Together, Eriyrin, Kyl, and I killed the
Zombie Queen. She burned and howled, but we
have won! Kyl was able to use his dagger,
and I was able to glean a weapon from one of
the many zombies in our camp. Eriyrin used a
fire spell and we won! Eriyrin was badly hurt,
as well as I. We were bleeding, but because
of our weakened state, I feared that we would
perish quickly.

As the Queen lay dying, Kyl took an item off of
her. Wyk flew into a rage and demanded it, but
Kyl had seen how Wyk had stayed within the zombie
ranks during the battle. Kyl ignored Wyk, and
put on the piece of armour.

When he put it on, his eyes flashed a brilliant
green, and all of his fatigue appeared to melt
away. He came to us and said that the Unliving
God that Wyk had spoken of was real, and that
it could be accessed through the armour that
he was wearing. He said that the god spoke to him.

Kyl put his hands upon both Eriyrin and I and
uttered the word 'huic', and 'medicor'. We were
both healed! My wounds were gone and I no longer
suffered from the ravages of this land.

Kyl then uttered words that were unknown to me, and we
were suddenly within a massive structure. I sit
now in the structure. I am near a window and
can look out. It appears that we are in the
structure that was over our heads. I look out
and see the yellow-green sky that I have known
for far too long. The ceaseless sands of this
plane of waste and despair stretch out before
me.

What is it that this god is speaking to Kyl?
Kyl has gone off to search this place with
Wyk. Eriyrin and I have stayed.

You turn to page 16 and read...

- We have defeated yet another of these Unliving
creatures. It came into the structure. I do not
know how it arrived. Kyl was the first to sense
it. His powers granted by his armour are amazing.
During the battle he chants strange phrases.
'Vereor', 'Notitia', 'Agnosco' and 'Orare'. What
do these words mean? Why does he utter them?
He has gained another piece of this powerful
armour.

You turn to page 17 and read...

- Kyl grows more powerful. He now leaves us here,
in what he calls the Temple to his Unliving God.
He heals us. He says that through 'dispono' he
will be able to maintain his 'erus'. I ask him
what this means. He says that if he does not use
the power of this 'Veneratus Nex' at least once       JES: It seems for a
every seven days, he will lose all of the power       significant sacrifice
that he has gained.                                   of knowledge of the
                                                      Nex, you can 'conservo'
 <It seems someone scrawled something in the sidebar  and not lose all the
  on this page, it is in a different handwriting.>    power so quickly...

Kyl is becoming more distant. I watched as Eriyrin
tried to talk with him, but he would not listen
to her. He says that we must stay here. Wyk is
here as well. Kyl and Wyk often go off and talk
together. What do they talk about?

You turn to page 18 and read...

- The Zombie Lords now come and Kyl dispatches them
alone. His power is immense. While watching the
battle, I have seen his armour grant him amazing
power. His body moves faster than his enemy,
he heals quickly, and is able to injure his enemy
with spells unlike any that I've seen a wizard cast.

Kyl says that the Zombie Lords will not stop
coming. They come to this place to worship 'our'
god. I can only think that he means the Unliving
god that he speaks of now so often. This god
somehow has bestowed the Veneratus Nex to these
lords, and they gain their power through it.
As Kyl defeats each, his power increases, but
so do his needs. He no longer waits for the
zombies to come to him, but rather, he seeks
them out, needing their power to feed the
growing hunger of the Veneratus Nex.

You turn to page 19 and read...

- It is becoming hard to remember when I ate last.
Kyl appears to be able to come and go from this
temple as he pleases, but he does not bring
us food. When we become weak, he heals us and
we survive. If we do not eat, what are we? Is
this how the zombies are created in this
forsaken place? Eriyrin thinks that we must
reason with Kyl to let us leave here. We
will talk with him when he returns next.

You turn to page 20 and read...

- I fear for our safety. We confronted Kyl
when he last came to heal us. Eriyrin tried
to reason with him. Wyk stood next to Kyl
and said nothing as Kyl flew into a rage.
He keeps us alive he says. Why would we want
to leave the graces of his Unliving god?
This is all that we should ever want.

The rage was consuming him. I could see the
hunger in Kyl's eyes. What is the cursed
armour doing to him?

I saw Wyk smiling when he saw the state
that Kyl was in. He walked up next to Kyl
to stand beside him, but Kyl's fury was
unbound. He flung Wyk against a pillar
and shouted at the frail man that he no longer
needed Wyk's assistance. The Unliving god
had forsaken him. The Zombie Lords had
ceased coming. No more were to die by
Kyl's hand. He had been warned that he
must give the ultimate sacrifice. At
that Wyk became very frightened. Kyl
winked out of sight and was gone. I must
find out what Wyk knows of this.

You turn to page 21 and read...

- The worst has happened, and now I must
ally myself with Wyk. He has said that
Kyl now thinks himself closer to a god
than a man. His power has grown strong with
the help of the Unliving god, but if the
Zombie Lords have been commanded to stop
coming to this accursed place, then to
maintain his power, Kyl will need to use
the power garnered from some other lifesource.
Wyk says that he knows Kyl has been keeping
us alive for so long so-as to kill us and
use our corpses to feed the appetite of
the Veneratus Nex.

Eriyrin says that this can't be true, but
we have all seen the state that Kyl has
been relegated to. We must prepare as best
as we can. Nothing that we have can stand
up to Kyl's power, but we must try.

Wyk says that he knows a way out, but the
incantation will take some time and he
needs the ancient rune stone.

You turn to page 22 and read...

- Kyl comes. We heard him enter the temple
a few moments ago. I await with the dagger,
while Eriyrin readies her spells. Wyk has
hidden himself off in a corner, trying to
open whatever portal he believes he can
control.

I can feel Kyl's power surge through the
stone of this place. It resonates with the
strength of his magic. If he truly means
to kill us, will we succumb to the horrible
fate of the unliving? Will he bring us back
to a cursed undead life, to roam this bleak
empty land for eternity?

I pray that Wyk is able to open the portal
soon. Kyl's footsteps grow louder. The time
has come to face this self-made god. I pray
that I survive.

.......
