You find a marker in the old text and open it to that page.
The old page in Saldibas' journal reads:

Sirrh's amulet -
     It is said to be a powerful thing if the wearer can figure out 
how it might be used. Sirrh was a master of the magic of fire. It 
was also said that he was fond of torching small furry animals on 
occasion. The powers the amulet is claimed to possess are much down 
those lines, or so I would assume.

     The only power I have researched is the one that Ahan wrote of 
in his chronicles. The spectacular ball of fire that erupted from it 
up on the invokation of the word 'burn'. I tested this power on my 
own and determined that it was indeed an impressive display, but the 
time the amulet required in order to draw enough energy to create 
the blast was somewhat of a hindrance. I asked Gaiboger, my 
apprentice to test it for me. His results were quite disheartening. 
He attempted to apprehend a bear while wearing the amulet and 
invoked the burn spell. He tangled with the bear a good long while 
before the beast simply walked away, at which point the amulet 
completed gathering its energies and dispersed them all at once upon 
dear Gaiboger who is still recovering from the monstrous blow. 
Another quite interesting aspect of the thing is that I've found 
that while it is in my possession, I may invoke the spell three 
times before the amulet goes dim and cold in my hands. The first 
time this happened, I was certain that the amulet had lost its 
power, or that perhaps Gaiboger had accidently dropped the thing on 
the ground. It is well known that Sirrh's magic was peculiar and 
very often, his enchanted items would become just about useless if 
carelessly dropped. That is why so few of them still exist today. 
All it required was for the holder of the item to fall tragically in 
battle and the magic would be gone from the item. The amulet, 
luckily had been preserved in a small pouch when I discovered it. In 
any event, I slipped the cold, dim amulet back into its pouch for a 
time and set it aside. Some days later, I saw Gaiboger admiring it. 
The amulet appeared to have regained its warmth and glow. I am 
uncertain of whether it was the pouch, the length of time or 
something else which reinvigorated the amulet, but apparently it is 
another answer for me to persue through my research.

     The mystery I have yet to solve, is the key to the amulet's 
other powers. I know they must have command words like the first, 
but no place have I found reference to any of them. Ahan wrote of a 
second power the amulet had to channel energy from the wearer and 
deal continuous damage to one's foe. I have been unable to divine a 
way to use the amulet in such a manner, and perhaps it shall remain 
a mystery.

The rest of the pages are greatly faded and somewhat stuck together.
