The first letter, written in an elegant script, is slightly
crumpled and reads as follows:

My Dearest Rivald,

     How I rue the day when first I laid
 eyes on thee. Thine face, thine hair, thine
 eyes, they enchant and delight me as no other.
 Yet how can I allow for such feelings for a
 mortal? I feel so strongly that I love thee,
 yet I know that it could never be. My people
 have many a tale of such a union which has gone
 awry for mortal foolishness. But how can love
 so great be so bitterly wrong? I shall meet thee
 tonight and thou shalt tell me then if thou
 accept my love. If so then I will call on my
 sire so that we might be bound as man and wife
. Every part of my being longs to be known as
 thine loving wife. Meet me at the river at
 twilight and give me your love.
                               Your Fairest,
                               Celestine
                               
The last letter is marred by blurred round patches and is written in the
same elegant script as the first letter. It reads as follows

My Dearest Rivald,

     I love thee still. How cruel fate has been to
 rend us apart. In leaving thee, I die. My sire's
 conditions have been met. How foolish thou hast been
 to allow such human emotions to come between us. Now
 I must leave, the magicks that allow me to remain
 among your people weaken as I write this farewell.
 Soon there will be nothing at all to bind me here
 and I shall be lost to thee forever. I shall do one
 more thing for thee my love. My sire already knows
 what has happened and he predicts a horrible fate
 will befall your people. The fates have converged
 and great magicks will tear at the lands. If you
 value thine life and thine soul Rivald, leave
 Harfain, pack thine belongings and go far away. To
 remain here is to endure a death without dying, an
 eternity of pain. I love thee still my love. Please
 go. I shall be safe with my people. The dryads are
 fearful, they also know that something bad is coming.
 Comfort them some, then get thee to safety! Goodbye
 my love.
                         Your loving Wife,
                         Celestine
