Darkness and light.

Two seemingly simple things, yet they're far more.

In one sense these parities drive us.  They make demands of us and shape our
thoughts and actions.  But in reality, these dwell within.  And one of them
dominates.

My story is one that starts is darkness.  A consuming force that chains us all
and chained me.  It intwines us, beckons to us, and seduces us.  We cannot
break free.  I could not break free.  And it yearns to destroy.  All of our
stories start here: in darkness.

...

The darkness blinds.  It's nature demands it and keeps us from seeing.  In
this darkness I was not only kept from light, but a willing participant
in the lostness.  There is mystery here in that we are enslaved yet willing.
Unable to break free, but appropriately imprisoned.

There is greater mystery yet.  The light.  It's in the light we shine, but
only after the darkness is revealed.  This revelation is the beginning for us,
for me.  The light shines into the darkness but the darkness cannot stop it.
The darkness can't shine back for it's contrary to it's nature.  So it must
yield, as we must yield, and be brought into the light.

...

I awoke in a dreary place.  It was foreboding and smothering.  Threatening to
crush and consume I languished their for much time.  There's no end to the
possibilities but each one leads to a dead end.  All was darkness but I
wanted so much more.

And then there was the light.

At first it was blinding, painful.  I didn't want to embrace it because of
the discomfort.  Light shines and illuminates, but darkness hides and conceals.
It called, it shone, and it led me to return.  What an amazing mystery this was.
To return means to go back from where you started.  But how could this be if
I only knew darkness?

...

The mystery is part of us because we dwell within the light.  Just like light
and dark are separate, so are we separate from those in the dark.  The mystery
is part of them as well though because they also are beckoned by the light.
Just as we were made for it, so were they.  Not all are called, and not all
will step into the light.  But for those that do they will shine.

I will shine.  I have returned.
