Davos says: To think a thing like that could happen to such a great
            man.  Corrupted by the Dark magic which stained his soul,
            Kascik's diluted Druidic abilities transformed him forever
            more into a demonic spirit of the bear.  The bear is one
            of the most potent spirit forces within nature.  Neither I
            or my father could ever bring ourselves to find a way to
            to destroy this spiritual beast.  So my father sealed him
            away inside of its own bones.  The magic it took to do this
            was extraordinary, as such it took the sacrifice of the
            Amulet of the Elements.
You say: amulet                                                               
> Davos nods sadly.
Davos says: The ancient amulet of which you speak once belonged to
            the guardians of this seal.  Blessed by Gaia herself it
            it was a relic of remarkable power.  But it was lost to
            us with my grandfather Kascik a long time ago.  I'm sure
            if I possessed it I would be able to withstand Inferno's
            Dark magic and banish him once and for all.
You say: grandfather                                                          
> Davos sighs.
Davos says: The tale of my Grandfather Kascik is truly one of a very
            sad twist of fate.   Ravaged by the Dark magic of Inferno
            he had spiritual wounds that never truly healed.  Over a
            period of decades his nearness to the Seal allowed that
            Demonic magic to spread.  Corrupting him utterly, it and
            his diluted Druidic magic forever transformed him into a
            Demonic Spiritual Beast of Nature.  It broke my Fathers'
            heart to do battle with Kascik, but he had no choice.  A
            long battle raged, and the Beast was sealed away in its
            own prison as well.  I don't believe my Father could ever
            bring himself to try and find a way to destroy the ravaged
            remains of his Father's soul.  Sadly it took the amulet of
            the Elements to seal away Kascik's soul forever with his
    
say grave|bones
Davos says: Kascik's grave is marked by vicious vines that will
            never cease to grow.  Cursed to hold his soul within
            a place where the sun will never shine.  By doing this
            we have prevented his demonic essence from stealing
            life-force and once again taking physical form.

You say: inferno                                                              
> Davos sighs.
Davos says: You must not speak of the fire demon here, lest he hear
            you and awaken.

You say: awaken                                                               
> Davos glares at you.
Davos says: Silence fool, you know not of what you speak.   Believe
            me when I say that if Inferno were to awaken you would die
            a painful death.

Davos sighs sadly.
Davos says: If only I possessed the Amulet of the Elements I might be
            able to withstand Inferno's might and banish him once and
            for all.  Of course that is little more then a wish, that
            amulet has been missing for centuries.

You say: gemstone                                                             
> A look of awe crosses Davos's face.
Davos says: As one of the sacred Gemstones of the Elements, the
            Gemstone of Shadows is indeed a very powerful magical
            artifact.  If you could somehow retrieve the stolen
            Shadow stone, and then use it to create a Gemstone
            of the Elements I would be forever in your debt.

Davos says: In fact if you can somehow create a new Gemstone of
            the Elements, and then retrieve the shattered remains
            of the Amulet of the Elements I would forge a new
            Amulet for you.  With the blessed amulet in your
            possession you would be protected from the brunt of
            Inferno's magical attacks.  I know I ask for much
            from you, but after these long months I'm weakening.
            I shall not be able to keep re-powering the seal for
            long.  And in the shape I'm in I could never defeat
            Inferno.


You say: retrieve                                                             
> Davos says: If by some miracle you can retrieve the amulet from
            the demon bear it would still do little good.  The
            Gemstone which empowered it was destroyed with Kascik.
            To create a new Gemstone would require activating
            the holy power within the sacred elemental stones.
            But thanks to a chance of fate that is now impossible
            as w

You say: chance                                                               
> Davos shakes his head and glares into the campfire without flinching.

Davos says: Kimber has been the caretaker of the sacred stones for
            these last few months.  I've had to devote my time here
            to continuously re-power the seal.  It seems someone has
            managed to steal the Onyx Gemstone of Shadows.  Without
            it there is no way to activate the power of the other
            elemental stones.

Rictor arrives.
Davos rages: If I had not been so lax in my duties this never would
             have happened!