mobs to check for item:
-----------------------
lair of the matriarch, what item(s) does she have?  tell trout
  -- she's way too big to solo, does acid dmg

to explore:
-----------
cha:
  finish tao te ching - ever expanding area, maxed on what i can tank on 11/28/12
  map darkmoore mansion puzzle box.  exits shift but i think rooms are static
  
  finish exploring hunches
  
  explore enchanged kingdom...synonyms and such
  
  finish/do atlantis quest
  
  greenhouse panel, how do i unlock this areas mobs etc.?
  
  explore/map dexter lab, last channel on chaos tv
  
fan: 
  knivur crypt room - find out who king is?  can't open last tomb
  
  start accipiter so i can map out forest of types
  
  finish exploring faunist guild
    can i use xorn cream in dragonne to melt a door?
  
  check out mountain path in 'around the town of angelo'
  do kaelaena's fountain miniquest
  
  have someone shoot me into catapult area
  
  find last rune in alizarian forest, mini quest?
    if you complete yields a helmet (per Trout)
    
  activate circle in rohm giddor? is this possible?
  
  finish checking items in harfain
    Trout tells you: ... think of a synonym for burn...for amulet (dpr)
    
  finish the norgrith manor maze, anything else here?
  
  re-explore taslen, look for hidden areas
  
  what is arcanarton's blue key for?
  
  ring of winter: how do i learn about the runes? look deep into the past?
    is this about the epic quest perhaps?  trout says related to erthorpion
  finish exploring troll caves
    there's a red key here, what for? -- closed area i think (says trout)
  
  hovel -> ring and wand test this out to see if it's decent

  hut, with shen go kill/talk to azalin and verbeeg shaman
  
sci:
  explore old sewers with shenanigans, tank mode, this place hurts
    acid and radiation dmg, need more defense

  how do i finish the missile launcher in aurora missile base?
  
  how do i get into enigma's bunker? more stuff in silicon wraiths?


death traps:
------------
